I trust you I love you leave me alone
you human if it was only this simple
cats can't use words to tell you any of
this that's why they found another way
to express themselves it's their body
language and you can learn to read it
easily here's how a Sphynx does your cat
look like a proud guard of the Egyptian
pyramids when it's sleeping Congrats
you've managed to please your fluffy
boss it feels happy with its
surroundings there's no need to jump
into action to protect itself just pure
relaxation a loafer also called the cube
cat the potato cat and the bread cat
it's a sphinx sleeping position
variation it can be either a bowed loaf
with the forehead aiming for the floor
or a half loaf with both elbows
unprotected your cat may also curl into
a loaf boat with one open elbow in the
front the loafer position helps cats to
save energy on guard you may call it mr.
mittens but your cat is still a predator
at heart it can't let go of one
overwhelming instinct it urges the
animal to always stay alert and ready to
move from a comfy sleeping position into
the warrior pose that's the reason why
you can see your fluffy friend sleeping
with one eye open and the other
completely closed incognito mode it's
one of the most popular cat sleeping
positions but it doesn't mean your pet
is 100% comfortable and relaxed when
your little ball of Fleur curls up like
this it's trying to protect and hide its
most vulnerable part the belly the tail
is also securely swooped around the body
it can mean that even though the cat is
trying to sleep it can still sense some
danger around
or it might just feel cold and curling
up helps to preserve body heat a
superstar is your cat taking most of
your bed by spreading out like a fluffy
octopus you have to get used to the idea
that it's not your bed anymore you made
a huge mistake when you first invited
your pet to cuddle when it was just a
kitten the cat might also be trying to
find the most comfortable position
pretty much like humans do
or it wants to get rid of excess heat
when it's too hot I'm the boss it's
another way of showing you who rules the
place did you punish the kitty earlier
in the day maybe deprived it of a treat
or didn't allow to scratch that new
couch you just bought the pillow is
where you used to put your head so guess
who's the head now that's right
not you you shall not pass if your cat
turns into a fluffy barrier between you
and your partner every night it clearly
has a message for them this human is
mine not yours after all the two of you
probably played with a toy mouse long
before the other human moved in this
position is a way of getting some extra
attention from you the creep if your
feline is watching you all night long it
might be a bit disturbing on the other
hand it's a sign your pet sees you as
its family member this way is trying to
build an even stronger bond between the
two of you your pet is monitoring your
moves to see if you're okay and protect
you from any unexpected dangers the
things you do in your sleep are also
super fun from your cat's point of view
did you just snore yay are you twitching
your fingers under the covers it's just
as exciting as a mouse a quick pop quiz
what is the most precious body part for
a cat it's head paws or maybe the belly
bingo
the next sleeping position proves it
belly up this is the highest form of
trust it means a lot when a cat is ready
to open up like this when it rolls on
its back it rids itself of an easy
chance to escape in case something goes
wrong it's like letting someone know the
passcode to your phone and then leaving
it on the table by the way indoor cats
often get to the belly-up point in their
cat human relationship but animals that
spend much time outdoors normally don't
trust their environment this much on the
bright side of life sleeping on its side
is one of the comfiest positions for a
cat it's also another way of saying I
trust you your kitty feels secure and at
peace there's no need to protect its
vital organs this position also speaks
of a strong emotional connection a cat
has with its owners have you already
come across your cat's favorite sleeping
position if so tell me in the comments
below which one it is if not you're
about to find out all balled up this
position makes your kitty feel safe and
secure and is very common among indoor
cats it's all pros for them comfy warm
and relaxing but keep in mind that
sometimes cats adopt this position when
they're in pain because of some health
problems if your ball of fur suddenly
curls up when it normally doesn't pay
attention to its behavior if there are
some other disturbing symptoms take it
to the vet Pilates cat when your cat is
choosing this position to recharge its
batteries it should be prepared to end
up on your social media the whole thing
looks so hilarious
it does seem slightly uncomfortable but
when a kitty is twisting his body at odd
angles are turning into a fluffy pretzel
it's just looking for the most
comfortable sleeping position no worries
your pet won't break or strain anything
its spine is super flexible no photos
please just like humans cats have
moments when they want to have some
alone time
and hide from the rest of the world ever
seen your kitty snuggling up in your
clothes or somewhere else and getting
nervous when you touch it don't waste
your time trying to cheer it up better
give your pet some peace and quiet it'll
feel happy and playful again in no time
hey wasn't that the cat's meow so if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of lie
[Music]